README.md, before:

Overview
--------
The Orphan Maker is a module you can add to your very own slip and slide to increase initial speed and therefore entertainment value.

Diagram
--------
Consult the following diagram to understand the components of the orphan-maker.
```
         D                       F                      E
   o B   +o=======#====================================o+                             
   +-#  *#  >-+o_/                                      |                             
 __[_:_/_|__(==)____________                            |                             
   A          C             '''------------...__________|__                            
```

# A - Operator
The operator is a sober individual without malicious intent.  He or she operates the controls and is responsible for ensuring the (relative) safety of the Orphan Maker.  It is the operator who initiates fun.
* Operator
* Sobriety

# B - Control Panel
The control panel contains the majority of the electronics for the Orphan Maker as well as the connection to power.  Mounted to the box is also a set of controls for the system.
* 240v input
* Main power switch
* Main circuit breaker
* 24v circuit
* 5v circuit
* Control circuit lock
* Motor control
* E-Stop
* Engaged button
* Go button
* Return button
* Jog 3-way switch

# C - Passenger
The passenger rides an inflated tube down the acceleration corrider and is delivered to the top of the slip and slide at a safe and satisfying speed.  Their job is mostly to chortle with joy.
* Passenger
* Tube
* Smile

# D - Riblet 1
Riblet one provides the power to the system.  A 3phase AC motor turns a belt which is attached to the axle for the drive pulley which actuates the acceleration loop.  To this riblet is also mounted the braking system and several sensors.
* Riblet 1 structural beam
* Riblet 1 mount plate
* Riblet 1 foundation
* Riblet 1 guy wire
* Rotation sensor
* Rotation sensor magnet
* Return switch
* Motor
* Motor mount
* Motor drive belt pulley
* Motor belt
* Drive fork
* Drive axle
* Drive axle belt pulley
* Brake disk
* Brake calipers
* Brake cylinder
* Brake hydraulic line
* Brake engage spring
* Brake disengage cylinder
* Brake disengage valve
* Pneumatic pressure line
* Pneumatic pressure source

# E - Riblet 2
Riblet is at the other end of the pulley from Riblet 1.  It mostly holds the pulley in tension, aided by guy wires and provides mount points for the overhead sprinkler system.
* Riblet 2 bottom upright beam
* Riblet 2 top upright beam
* Riblet 2 pulley arm
* Riblet 2 foundation
* Riblet 2 mount plate
* Return pulley
* Return pull axle
* Return pulley fork
* Return pulley mount
* Arm guy wire attachment
* Pole guy wire attachment
* Overhead sprinkler attachment
* Riblet 2 base
* Arm guy wire
* Upright guy wire

# F - Acceleration Loop
A steel cable makes a circuit around the drive pulley and the return pulley.  Attached to this cable is a pull line which is a ski-rope that the passenger holds until attaining appropriate acceleration.
* Cable
* Turnbuckle
* Return switch actuator
* Pull line attach point
* Pull line
* Pull handle

System Inputs
------------
## Power switch
The entire system must be powered.  This is gated by a power switch which controls power to everything within the control panel.

## E-Stop
Does not involve software.  Immediately cuts the control signal to the motor which will cause it to come to a stop.

Software Inputs
------
## Engage Button
When this button is held the system may be engaged.

## Go Button
Actuates the acceleration of the passenger.

## Return Button
Actuates the return of the pull line.

## Return sensor
Indicates that the acceleration loop has returned to the proper position.

## Jog switch
Allows the acceleration loop to be manually shifted forward or backwards.

## Rotation sensor
Indicates each time the drive pulley passes a particular point.

Software Outputs
-------
## Motor go
When high the motor should accelerate at the set rate.

## Motor voltage
Analog voltage which sets relative motor speed (indirectly)

## Brake off
Disables the break by relieving pneumatic pressure.

## Jog forward
Drive jog forward pin high

## Jog reverse
Drive jog reverse pin high

## Engage LED
Light the orange engage button

## Return LED
Light the white return button

## Go LED
Light the green go button

Configuration
-------------
## Maximum speed
Target max speed at end of acceleration in meters per second.

## Drive pulley diameter
Diameter of the pulley that drives the system in meters.

## Acceleration length
The full lenght of acceleration in meters.

## Braking length
How many meters are allowed for braking in meters.

## Start position
The number of meters in front of the center of the drive pulley that the expected start position is.

## Line length
The full length of the drive line system from center of pulley to center of pulley.
Used as a check and should match start_pos + accel_len + brake_len

## Set sensor range
A range of meters from the start position in which we expect the set sensor to trigger.

## Brake delay
The number of seconds it takes to release the brake fully.

Commit message:

Update config and output parameters
More clarity on how the motor controls will work as well as some
estimates on initial config values.

README.md, after:

Overview
--------
The Orphan Maker is a module you can add to your very own slip and slide to increase initial speed and therefore entertainment value.

Diagram
--------
Consult the following diagram to understand the components of the orphan-maker.
```
         D                       F                      E
   o B   +o=======#====================================o+                             
   +-#  *#  >-+o_/                                      |                             
 __[_:_/_|__(==)____________                            |                             
   A          C             '''------------...__________|__                            
```

# A - Operator
The operator is a sober individual without malicious intent.  He or she operates the controls and is responsible for ensuring the (relative) safety of the Orphan Maker.  It is the operator who initiates fun.
* Operator
* Sobriety

# B - Control Panel
The control panel contains the majority of the electronics for the Orphan Maker as well as the connection to power.  Mounted to the box is also a set of controls for the system.
* 240v input
* Main power switch
* Main circuit breaker
* 24v circuit
* 5v circuit
* Control circuit lock
* Motor control
* E-Stop
* Engaged button
* Go button
* Return button
* Jog 3-way switch

# C - Passenger
The passenger rides an inflated tube down the acceleration corrider and is delivered to the top of the slip and slide at a safe and satisfying speed.  Their job is mostly to chortle with joy.
* Passenger
* Tube
* Smile

# D - Riblet 1
Riblet one provides the power to the system.  A 3phase AC motor turns a belt which is attached to the axle for the drive pulley which actuates the acceleration loop.  To this riblet is also mounted the braking system and several sensors.
* Riblet 1 structural beam
* Riblet 1 mount plate
* Riblet 1 foundation
* Riblet 1 guy wire
* Rotation sensor
* Rotation sensor magnet
* Return switch
* Motor
* Motor mount
* Motor drive belt pulley
* Motor belt
* Drive fork
* Drive axle
* Drive axle belt pulley
* Brake disk
* Brake calipers
* Brake cylinder
* Brake hydraulic line
* Brake engage spring
* Brake disengage cylinder
* Brake disengage valve
* Pneumatic pressure line
* Pneumatic pressure source

# E - Riblet 2
Riblet 2 is at the other end of the pulley from Riblet 1.  It mostly holds the pulley in tension, aided by guy wires and provides mount points for the overhead sprinkler system.
* Riblet 2 bottom upright beam
* Riblet 2 top upright beam
* Riblet 2 pulley arm
* Riblet 2 foundation
* Riblet 2 mount plate
* Return pulley
* Return pull axle
* Return pulley fork
* Return pulley mount
* Arm guy wire attachment
* Pole guy wire attachment
* Overhead sprinkler attachment
* Riblet 2 base
* Arm guy wire
* Upright guy wire

# F - Acceleration Loop
A steel cable makes a circuit around the drive pulley and the return pulley.  Attached to this cable is a pull line which is a ski-rope that the passenger holds until attaining appropriate acceleration.
* Cable
* Turnbuckle
* Return switch actuator
* Pull line attach point
* Pull line
* Pull handle

System Inputs
------------
## Power switch
The entire system must be powered.  This is gated by a power switch which controls power to everything within the control panel.

## E-Stop
Does not involve software.  Immediately cuts the control signal to the motor which will cause it to come to a stop.

Software Inputs
------
## Engage Button
When this button is held the system may be engaged.

## Go Button
Actuates the acceleration of the passenger.

## Return Button
Actuates the return of the pull line.

## Return sensor
Indicates that the acceleration loop has returned to the proper position.

## Jog switch
Allows the acceleration loop to be manually shifted forward or backwards.

## Rotation sensor
Indicates each time the drive pulley passes a particular point.

## E-Stop
Directly puts the system in an error state to ensure when E-Stop is
disengaged, the system does not function.

Software Outputs
-------
## Motor forward
Drive motor forward

## Motor reverse
Drive motor reverse

## Motor speed
PWM with 100hz == maximum speed and 0hz = no speed

Pin will PWM to an analog voltage converter to the motor control

## Brake off
Disables the break by relieving pneumatic pressure.

## Jog forward
Drive jog forward pin high

## Jog reverse
Drive jog reverse pin high

## Engage LED
Light the orange engage button

## Return LED
Light the white return button

## Go LED
Light the green go button

Configuration
-------------
## Maximum speed
Target max speed at end of acceleration in meters per second.

## Drive pulley diameter
Diameter of the pulley that drives the system in meters.
~9in

## Acceleration length
The full lenght of acceleration in meters.
~70ft

## Braking length
How many meters are allowed for braking in meters.
~30ft

## Start position
The number of meters in front of the center of the drive pulley that the expected start position is.
~12ft

## Line length
The full length of the drive line system from center of pulley to center of pulley.
Used as a check and should match start_pos + accel_len + brake_len
110

## Set sensor range
A range of meters from the start position in which we expect the set sensor to trigger.
~4 inches

## Brake delay
The number of seconds it takes to release the brake fully.

## Jog speed
Maximum jog speed, with some small ramp-up for precision
